release v0.1.9 (#311)
streamnative/function-mesh: CHANGELOG.md

# Function Mesh v0.1.9 Release Notes

## v0.1.9 What's New

> Action required: We have moved the mesh worker service into a separate repository [streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service), as the result, the function-mesh repo will no longer release any new version of mesh worker service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action required: We have moved the Function Mesh Worker service into a separate repository [streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service). Therefore, the `function-mesh` repo will not include releases of the Function Mesh Worker service.
```

- [Runner Images] Make runner images rootless ([#278](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/278))

> - [Runner Images] Simplifier the runner image layers ([#292](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/292))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Runner Images] Simplify the runner image layers ([#292](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/292))
```

- [Controller] Support CRD validation with WebHook ([#238](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/238), [#299](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/299))
- [Controller] Support `EnvironmentBasedSecretsProvider` as the default secret provider ([#295](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/295))

> - [Controller] Provide default `SecurityContext` to run functions and connectors in rootless mode ([#294](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/294))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Controller] Provide the default `SecurityContext` to run Pulsar Functions and connectors in the rootless mode ([#294](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/294))
```

> - [Function Mesh Worker service] Support customize runner images ([#291](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/291))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Function Mesh Worker service] Support customizing runner images ([#291](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/291))
```

- [Function Mesh Worker service] Fix the default value for `ForwardSourceMessageProperty` ([#300](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/300))
- [Function Mesh Worker service] Use Pulsar Package Management Service as the backend and redirect uploading JAR requests to the backend ([#308](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh/pull/308))

> - [Function Mesh Worker service] Move mesh-worker-service into a separate repository ([#1](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service/issues/1))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Function Mesh Worker service] Move the Function Mesh Worker service into a separate repository ([#1](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service/issues/1))
```

- [Function Mesh Worker service] Support `secretsMap` on branch-2.8 ([#21](https://github.com/streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service/pull/21))

> Note: The release notes will not contain any changes to the `function-mesh-worker-service` repo in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> From this release, the release note will not contain any changes to the `function-mesh-worker-service` repository.
```
